
<<<PAGE 1>>>
NDA 211675 NDA APPROVAL AbbVie Inc. 1 N. Waukegan Road Dept. PA72/Bldg. AP30-4 North Chicago, IL 60064 Attention: Juliana Correa Leite-Schnell Director, Regulatory Affairs Please refer to your new drug application (NDA) dated December 18, 2018, received December 18, 2018, and your amendments, submitted under section 505(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) for Rinvoq (upadacitinib) Extended- Release Tablets, 15 mg. This new drug application provides for the use of Rinvoq (upadacitinib) Extended- Release Tablets for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis who have had an inadequate response or intolerance to methotrexate. APPROVAL & LABELING We have completed our review of this application, as amended. It is approved, effective on the date of this letter, for use as recommended in the enclosed agreed-upon labeling. CONTENT OF LABELING As soon as possible, but no later than 14 days from the date of this letter, submit the content of labeling [21 CFR 314.50(l)] in structured product labeling (SPL) format using the FDA automated drug registration and listing system (eLIST), as described at FDA.gov. 1 Content of labeling must be identical to the enclosed labeling (text for the Prescribing Information and Medication Guide) as well as annual reportable changes not included in the enclosed labeling. Information on submitting SPL files using eLIST may be found in the guidance for industry SPL Standard for Content of Labeling Technical Qs and As. 2 The SPL will be accessible via publicly available labeling repositories. 1 http://www.fda.gov/ForIndustry/DataStandards/StructuredProductLabeling/default.htm 2 We update guidances periodically. For the most recent version of a guidance, check the FDA Guidance Documents Database https://www.fda.gov/RegulatoryInformation/Guidances/default.htm . Reference ID: 4478363

<<<PAGE 2>>>
NDA 211675 Page 2 CARTON AND CONTAINER LABELING Submit final printed carton and container labeling that are identical to the enclosed carton and container labeling, as soon as they are available, but no more than 30 days after they are printed. Please submit these labeling electronically according to the guidance for industry Providing Regulatory Submissions in Electronic Format — Certain Human Pharmaceutical Product Applications and Related Submissions Using the eCTD Specifications . For administrative purposes, designate this submission “ Final Printed Carton and Container Labeling for approved NDA 211675 .” Approval of this submission by FDA is not required before the labeling is used. ADVISORY COMMITTEE Your application for Rinvoq was not referred to an FDA advisory committee because this drug is not the first in its class and the application did not raise significant safety or efficacy issues that were unexpected for a drug of this class. REQUIRED PEDIATRIC ASSESSMENTS Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act (PREA) (21 U.S.C. 355c), all applications for new active ingredients (which includes new salts and new fixed combinations), new indications, new dosage forms, new dosing regimens, or new routes of administration are required to contain an assessment of the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indication in pediatric patients unless this requirement is waived, deferred, or inapplicable. We are waiving the pediatric study requirement for ages 0 to less than 2 years of age because studies are impossible or highly impracticable. We are deferring submission of your pediatric studies for ages 2 to less than 18 years for this application because this product is ready for approval for use in adults and the pediatric study have not been completed. Your deferred pediatric studies required by section 505B(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) are required postmarketing studies. The status of these postmarketing studies must be reported annually according to 21 CFR 314.81 and section 505B(a)(4)(C) of the FDCA. These required studies are listed below. 3680-1: Conduct a multiple-dose pharmacokinetic study in children from 2 to less than 18 years of age with juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) Final Protocol Submission: Submitted Study Completion: May 2020 Final Report Submission: February 2021 U.S. Food and Drug Administration Silver Spring, MD 20993 www.fda.gov Reference ID: 4478363

<<<PAGE 3>>>
NDA 211675 Page 3 3680-2: Conduct a randomized withdrawal, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of upadacitinib in children from 2 to less than 18 years of age with polyarticular-course JIA Final Protocol Submission: August 2020 Study Completion: April 2026 Final Report Submission: October 2026 Submit the protocols to your IND 114717, with a cross-reference letter to this NDA. Upon completion of the two studies listed above, the final reports of these required pediatric postmarketing studies must be submitted as a new drug application (NDA) or as a supplement to your approved NDA with the proposed labeling changes you believe are warranted based on the data derived from these studies. When submitting the reports, please clearly mark your submission " SUBMISSION OF REQUIRED PEDIATRIC ASSESSMENTS " in large font, bolded type at the beginning of the cover letter of the submission. PROMOTIONAL MATERIALS You may request advisory comments on proposed introductory advertising and promotional labeling. To do so, submit, in triplicate, a cover letter requesting advisory comments, the proposed materials in draft or mock-up form with annotated references, and the Prescribing Information, Medication Guide, and Patient Package Insert (as applicable) to: Office of Prescription Drug Promotion (OPDP) OPDP Regulatory Project Manager Food and Drug Administration Center for Drug Evaluation and Research Office of Prescription Drug Promotion 5901-B Ammendale Road Beltsville, MD 20705-1266 Alternatively, you may submit a request for advisory comments electronically in eCTD format. For more information about submitting promotional materials in eCTD format, see the draft guidance for industry Providing Regulatory Submissions in Electronic and Non-Electronic Format—Promotional Labeling and Advertising Materials for Human Prescription Drugs. 3 As required under 21 CFR 314.81(b)(3)(i), you must submit final promotional materials, and the Prescribing Information, at the time of initial dissemination or publication, 3 When final, this guidance will represent the FDA’s current thinking on this topic. For the most recent version of a guidance, check the FDA guidance web page at https://www.fda.gov/RegulatoryInformation/Guidances/default.htm . U.S. Food and Drug Administration Silver Spring, MD 20993 www.fda.gov Reference ID: 4478363

<<<PAGE 4>>>
NDA 211675 Page 4 accompanied by a Form FDA 2253. Form FDA 2253 is available at FDA.gov. 4 Information and Instructions for completing the form can be found at FDA.gov. 5 For more information about submission of promotional materials to the Office of Prescription Drug Promotion (OPDP), see FDA.gov. 6 REPORTING REQUIREMENTS We remind you that you must comply with reporting requirements for an approved NDA (21 CFR 314.80 and 314.81). MEDWATCH-TO-MANUFACTURER PROGRAM The MedWatch-to-Manufacturer Program provides manufacturers with copies of serious adverse event reports that are received directly by the FDA. New molecular entities and important new biologics qualify for inclusion for three years after approval. Your firm is eligible to receive copies of reports for this product. To participate in the program, please see the enrollment instructions and program description details at FDA.gov. 7 POST APPROVAL FEEDBACK MEETING New molecular entities and new biological products qualify for a post approval feedback meeting. Such meetings are used to discuss the quality of the application and to evaluate the communication process during drug development and marketing application review. The purpose is to learn from successful aspects of the review process and to identify areas that could benefit from improvement. If you would like to have such a meeting with us, call the Regulatory Project Manager for this application. If you have any questions, call Nina Ton, Senor Regulatory Project Manager, at (301) 796-1648. Sincerely, {See appended electronic signature page} Mary Thanh Hai, MD Acting Director Office of Drug Evaluation II Office of New Drugs Center for Drug Evaluation and Research 4 http://www.fda.gov/downloads/AboutFDA/ReportsManualsForms/Forms/UCM083570.pdf 5 http://www.fda.gov/downloads/AboutFDA/ReportsManualsForms/Forms/UCM375154.pdf 6 http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDER/ucm090142.htm 7 http://www.fda.gov/Safety/MedWatch/HowToReport/ucm166910.htm U.S. Food and Drug Administration Silver Spring, MD 20993 www.fda.gov Reference ID: 4478363

<<<PAGE 5>>>
NDA 211675 Page 5 ENCLOSURES: • Content of Labeling o Prescribing Information o Medication Guide • Carton and Container Labeling U.S. Food and Drug Administration Silver Spring, MD 20993 www.fda.gov Reference ID: 4478363

<<<PAGE 6>>>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------ Signature Page 1 of 1 This is a representation of an electronic record that was signed electronically. Following this are manifestations of any and all electronic signatures for this electronic record. /s/ MARY T THANH HAI 08/16/2019 09:47:38 AM Reference ID: 4478363